[MI-3653]: Test cases of message sync of MS Teams (#7)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/MS Teams sync/Message sync/Non-connected_user.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Message from non-connected user"

Reviewer: should we also add a test case when a non-connected user messages in DM/GM or will that be present in a different test file?

Author: That will be covered under plugin configs

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Message sync
authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"
team_ownership: 
- Change Team Name
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter the desired message in the already linked MM channel from the non-connected account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter the desired message in a linked MM channel from a non-connected account.
```

> 1. Enter the desired text message in the already linked MM channel by the account which is not already connected.

Reviewer: is it necessary for the message to be in text format?

> 1. Enter the desired text message in the already linked MM channel by the account which is not already connected.

Author: Updated

**Step 2**

1. Connect the bot-account.

> 2. Enter the desired text message in the already linked MM channel by the account which is not already connected.

Reviewer: same

**Expected**

> The message should not be reflected on the linked Teams channel. After step 2, the message should be reflected by the bot account the original user's name in the message in the linked channel in Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message should not be reflected on the linked Teams channel. After step 2, the message should be reflected by the bot account with the original user's name in the message in the linked channel in Teams.
```

> The message should not be reflected on the linked Teams channel. After step 2, the message provided should be reflected by the bot account contaning the original user's name in the message in the linked channel in Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message should not be reflected on the linked Teams channel. After step 2, the message should be reflected by the bot account containing the original user's name in the message in the linked channel of Teams.
```

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter the desired message a already linked MM channel from a non-connected account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter the desired message in an already linked MM channel from a non-connected account.
```

**Step 2**

1. Connect the bot-account.

> 2. Enter the desired message a already linked MM channel by the account which is not already connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Enter the desired message in an already linked MM channel by the account that is not already connected.
```
